# Changelog

*This file documents the changes in **Radix** versions that are listed below.*

*Items should be added to this file as:*

    ### YYYY-MM-DD Release

    + Additional changes.
    + More changes.

* * *

### 2014-12-18 Release v0.5.1

+ Add a CarefullyPutMaster method to sentinel, analogous to the CarefullyPut
  method in pool
+ Updated the sentinel package's documentation to include some examples

### 2014-12-07 Release v0.5.0

+ Upgrade tests to use the testify library. It's a little easier to use than the
  old one
+ Implement the cluster package
+ Small upgrades to pool and resp

### 2014-11-04 Release v0.4.8

+ Fix writing float values and other arbitrary values in resp, which would have
  caused a connection to hang if a command with a float was ever sent

### 2014-10-23 Release v0.4.7

+ Implement CmdError so clients can tell an application level error from an
  external error

### 2014-9-22 Release v0.4.6

+ Fix bug in pubsub package preventing patterned sub commands from working
  (thanks @hayesgm!)

### 2014-8-22 Release v0.4.5

+ Fix bug in pubsub where it wasn't pulling all subscribe replies
+ Update examples

### 2014-8-18 Release v0.4.4

+ Fix reading of bulk strings for some rare cases

### 2014-8-14 Release v0.4.3

+ Make sentinel package return error and not ClientError

### 2014-8-14 Release v0.4.2

+ Fix Cmd not flattening arguments properly

### 2014-8-14 Release v0.4.1

+ Make Client's connection be publicly accessible

### 2014-8-10 Release v0.4.0

+ Rewrite encoding/decoding out into its own sub-package (`resp`)
+ Add `extra` sub-package with the following features
  * Simple connection pool
  * Pub/Sub client
  * Sentinel client with transparent failover

### 2012-10-05 Release v0.3.4

+ Removed reconnecting logic as it didn't work as intended.

### 2012-10-02 Release v0.3.3

+ Removed unused Cmd field from Error.

### 2012-09-28 Release v0.3.2

+ Rewrote benchmark tool.
+ Issue #16: On failed request writes, Radix will now reconnect and retry once.
+ Issue #15: Fixed deadlock issue with laggy networks (thanks Guihong Bai).
+ Issue #12: Fixed missing ReplyError types from error replies (thanks Guihong Bai).
+ Issue #11: Fixed broken authentication (thanks Fabio Kung).
+ Issue #9: Error replies' methods now return the reply error instead of some method specific error
  (thanks Russ Ross).

### 2012-08-06 Release v0.3.1

+ Fixed a bug in parameter formatting that caused crashing when nil parameter was given.
+ Removed Reply.Nil(), it is redundant. Do a `Reply.Type == ReplyNil` comparison instead.
+ Reply.List() returns now nil elements as empty strings instead of giving an error.
+ Reply.Hash() does not give error on nil values anymore, instead, nil values are just not set.

### 2012-08-02 Release v0.3.0

+ Major parts rewritten, mostly in connection. About 2x performance boosts.
+ Fixed a map parameter parsing error.
+ Various other fixes.

### 2012-05-25 Release v0.2.1

+ Fixed a race condition in connection pool that caused panic when GOMAXPROCS>1.
+ Fixed a bug where map arguments where not formatted always right.
+ Reply error messages now include the command that caused the error.
+ Added a rudimentary benchmark tool (WIP).

### 2012-05-19 Release v0.2.0

+ New API for Client/MultiCommand commands.

  Command methods are now autogenerated by gen.bash.
  The old API had a problem of common namespace conflicts when doing ```. import ".../redis"```.
+ Renames:
  * Subscription.PSubscribe() -> Subscription.Psubscribe()
  * Subscription.PUnsubscribe() -> Subscription.Punsubscribe()
  * MessagePSubscribe -> MessagePsubscribe
  * MessagePUnsubscribe -> MessagePunsubscribe
  * MessagePMessage -> MessagePmessage

### 2012-05-16 Release v0.1.5

+ Package name changed to redis (project name is still Radix).
+ Merged commits from Bobby Powers.
    + Fix for memory leak in connection closing.
    + Fix for reconnection.
    + Minor changes to Reply API.

### 2012-04-20 Release v0.1.4

+ New API for commands (thanks Bobby Powers).
+ Source code moved to its own directory.

### 2012-04-10 Release v0.1.3

+ Go v1.0 compatible.
+ Fixed broken tests.
+ Fixed issue #1: Very high memory usage due to bug in timeout error handling.
+ Fixed issue #2: Graceful reset of Connections when connection error is encountered.
+ Removed support for Client.Select method. Use separate clients for and MOVE command for controlling multiple databases instead.

### 2012-03-06 Release v0.1.2

+ Various small fixes to make the package work with Go weekly/Go 1.
+ Renamed the package name to radix.
+ Removed Makefiles as Go 1's "go build" deprecates them.
+ Moved files from redis/ to the root directory of the project.
+ Rewrote most of the godoc strings to match more Go conventions.
+ Minor improvements to channel usage.

* NOTE: The go tests are currently partially broken, because gocheck seems to be broken with newest version
        of Go.

### 2012-03-01 Release v0.1.1

+ Updated connection pool to reuse old connections more efficiently.

### 2012-03-01 Release v0.1

+ First stable release.
